Kickstarters: Give your ideas a boost in the right direction
Sections

1. Business and data understanding

[JM: 

WHat's Kickstarters

Kickstarter Is an American public-benefit corporation based in Brooklyn, New York, that maintains a global crowdfunding 
platform focused on creativity The company's stated mission is to "help bring creative projects to life". 
Kickstarter has reportedly received more than $1.9 billion in pledges from 9.4 million backers to fund 257,000 creative 
projects, such as films, music, stage shows, comics, journalism, video games, technology and food-related projects.

People who back Kickstarter projects are offered tangible rewards or experiences in exchange for their pledges. 
This model traces its roots to subscription model of arts patronage, where artists would go directly to their audiences 
to fund their work.

The Problem

Our customers our new entrepreneurs recently graduated from universities around the world who would like to have one 
of his ideas being sponsored by Kickstarter.  Before commiting meeting and efforts with Kickstarters they would like to 
know how successful their ideas are sponsored by Kickstarters Investors.]


Here is where we reformulate a problem statement as an analytics problem, 
develop a proposed set of drivers and relationships to inputs, state the set of assumptions related to the problem, 
define key metrics of success and describe how you have applied the ethical ML framework, identify and prioritize 
means of data acquisition.

2. Data Preparation

Describe the purpose of the data set you selected (i.e., why was this data collected in the first place?). 
Describe how you would define and measure the outcomes from the dataset. 
Describe how would you measure the effectiveness of a good prediction algorithm or clustering algorithm?

3. Target Variables

Define and prepare your target variables.
Use proper variable representations (int, float, one-hot, etc.). Use pre-processing methods (as needed) for dimensionality 
reduction, scaling, etc. Remove variables that are not needed/useful for the analysis
Describe the final dataset that is used for classification
(include a description of any newly formed variables you created).

4. Modeling and Evaluation

Describe the meaning and type of data (scale, values, etc.) for each attribute in the data file.

4.1 Data quality
Verify if there missing values. Duplicate data? Outliers? Are those mistakes? 
How do you deal with these problems?

4.2 Statistics
Give simple, appropriate statistics (range, mode, mean, median, variance, counts, etc.) for the most important attributes 
and describe what they mean or if you found something interesting. Note: You can also use data from other sources for 
comparison.

4.3 Visualization
Visualize the most important attributes appropriately (at least 5 attributes). 
Important: Provide an interpretation for each chart. 

Explain for each attribute why you chose the used visualization.
Explore relationships between attributes: Look at the attributes via scatter plots, correlation, cross-tabulation, 
group-wise averages, etc. as appropriate.

Identify and explain interesting relationships between features and the class you are trying to predict (or cluster).

Are there other features that could be added to the data or created from existing features?  Which ones?

Perform supervised learning using several methods for different features.

Use internal and external validation measures to describe and compare the models and the predictions 
(some visual methods would be good).

5.0 Result
Describe your results. What findings are the most interesting?

6.0 Deployment

Description of wow useful is your model for interested parties (i.e., the companies or organizations that
might want to use it)?
How would you deploy your model for interested parties?
What other data should be collected?
How often would the model need to be updated, etc.?
Build a simple shiny app with a particular user in mind
